All the maps that I have kept/recovered are in the link below. 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1dD-mHva18LHOrALJQUYLEyENwxEWeVeo?usp=sharing

The naming conventions are quite inconsistent as a few "inbetween" files are missing but finalMapv18_3 is the final version of the map, 
and there is a somewhat natural progression throughout each map which should show my efforts in developing the final build.


Due to the nature of how small the SMCE program is (in terms of finding online resources) and that I used many different softwares, 
I had to experiment and learn how to make the map compatible with godot, myself.

Hence, you will see names like "collisionTest" which is when I experimented with hitboxes, 
and maps with roman numerals then normal numbers afterwards (roman numerals indicate a new version of the map, normal numbers indicate a quick fix with materials, mesh, hitbox, sky, optimization, etc)


A few versions of maps also never left the developing phase within my modeling software, 
and so within the folder you will also see a nested folder called "Blender Files" in case you want to check those out.


Finally, during the initial creation of the beta versions of the map, I created a very short, fun progression video for my teammates which is also inside the folder to show how I was progressing. 
Some of these maps were never recovered so the video is the last proof of the first few maps' existence. 


Also, it's a fun video to watch so I encourage you to check it out :) A few elements in those starting maps are still present in the final build!


Although I will touch on this more in the report, map optimization was also a large factor in the final build. 
After a lot of optimization, the maps nearing the final build still sat at over a gigabyte.
However, the newest is not only a larger map, but a third of the size (370 MB) despite still having the HDRI sky texture. I am quite proud of that :)

Once again, the link is at the top and contains a lot of the maps, blender files of said maps and a few more, and finally a short progression video of the very first few maps I created and started with.